###Reflection###

The way I handled the project was by breaking down the scrabble game and then trying to see how to write it in java. So first I thought about how implementing the word.java should look like and then gave it a go and I used gemini to help guide me in the right direction by giving it my ideas on how to implement and then seeing how it either corrected me or improved on my ideas. This method became extremely useful when it came time to implement the binary search algorithm in the game logic where I used gemini as a buddy to bounce ideas off of and tested my idea of a binary search in java and making sure i was on the right track. It helped me make sure I understood what I was doing conceptually and then I made sure my code also represented this. I ran into issues with adding a computer opponent figuring out how to implement rules and gemini was very helpful in giving me ideas and starter code to implement. Overall using AI made the project more fun becuase I could test ideas and felt less like I was banging my head on the wall trying to see if what I was doing could work. This method improved my problem solving ability by reducing my time spent verifying if ideas were possible and improved my understanding of implementing algorithms from theory to actuality. I also used gemini for debugging. I think my overall understanding of implementing theory has improved massively through this project and  that I overcomplicated the logic behind it all. The easiest implementation was points because I decided that the length of the word should dictate the point so 1 point for 2 letters and 2 points for 3 letters and so on. Adding the Bot was also not very complex since it was the same code I already made for the player just automating it and seeing how it performs when given hard characters(it did way better than me). I also added a redistribute system incase the user did not like the word choices I also decided at that point to seperate the bot and the users letter pool so that we had a more realistic game of scrabble. 